Advice, exotic pets. Uh, Bill,
last week I was laid off from my office cubicle job of four years.
I am now a 25 year old unemployed college student truck struggling to make rent.
Ah, Jesus, my heart goes out to your brother, but Alicia, 25,
you're not fucking married. You don't have any kids. That's the bright side.
And I know you don't need to hear that.
All right.
All right. Here we go.
Can't go back to my parents as they are halfway across the planet in Taiwan.
Now my question is, do I continue to,
do I continue trying to get back in the rat race or do I follow my dream of
becoming an exotic pet reptile breeder?
Jesus Christ. I had a fucked away. Are you just fucking with me?
This is your dream. Well, you know what you are from Taiwan.
I imagine everything that's considered exotic over here is like nothing.
You know,
I bet over in Taiwan, instead of getting like a bicycle as a four year old,
they give you like a defanged Cobra or some shit. Um,
I'm sorry, I just had to stop and laugh. At the ignorance of that statement. Um,
anyways, I have no experience in the field. Fantastic.
You're going to be on spike TV's a thousand ways to die except okay.
Except that, okay. I have no experience in the field except for that.
I have a snake in four hamsters as pets.
All right, dude. I don't want to burst your bubble,
but there's nothing exotic about hamsters.
Even if you have four or quatro. Sorry,
I started the new fucking Rosetta stone. Spanish again.
You'll dangle on paddle. It's Greece.
A Blanco Barrow is Wayno is local.
A local hover the fuck you sit my dogs out of its mind. I'm
lambo hair. I'm on Santa there. There,
uh, I've been, let's get back to this shit.
They guy just said the woman and then Green Apple.
There's really nothing that connected either one of those. I go, fuck yourself.
I'm going to do it. Some point in my life I'm gonna become bilingual.
So anyways, he still wants to start raising exotic pets, breeding them.
He has no experience. Now what kind of fucking snake do you have?
You know, if you have a garden snake gardeners now,
I guess you got to start somewhere.
You do have a reptile and a four little rat thinks this is cool,
dude. You know what you're doing. You're doing like the open mics of this.
I get it. You've got to start slow.
You can't start right with the Black Mamba going to get yourself killed.
Anyways, he said,
I've been to the reptile expo a couple of times and saw that vendor's there just
breed and sell snakes for a living and thought to myself, Holy Shit,
I want to do that.
Encourage animals to bang and sell offspring all from my own apartment.
Living the dream. What to do. Any advice? Uh,
what gave you the balls to start stand up? Um,
understanding the opportunity cost of the income of a full time job. Uh,
any advice would help. Thanks Mr. Bird. All right.
All right. What do you do here? Well, dude, you're,
you're doing the right thing. You're basically like, you go into one of those,
uh, reptile expos and looking at the douchebags there when it, and being like,
I could fucking do that.
Was like me when I used to watch some of those standup shows and be like,
I'm funnier than this guy. All right?
And you have the luxury of not having a job right now,
so you don't have to worry about, you know, well,
what if this interferes with my job? You don't have a fucking job. Um,
your biggest thing right now, dude, is you need income. Alright?
So I would continue looking for a job that is flexible.
All right? While you start building your stockpile of, uh, reptiles,
first thing I would do is I would go on the Internet and I would read as much as
humanly possible. I would go to how to make two snakes,
fuck.com I would start,
I don't know what to tell you, dude.
I would just keep going to those expos like they're open mikes.
I would keep reading up on it. I would try and find, uh, this is what you do.
This is what you do.
Act like you want to buy a fucking snake and go to some fucking dude and ask
them how they got into the business. As you pretend like, you know,
like you're browsing and maybe you can get a job working for one of those guys.
You figure out what the fuck he's doing, right?
You pull a Joe Kennedy that I've learned reading in the wonderful book the sins
of the father. Um, yeah, that guy used to work every place.
He'd work at a place for like seven months to two years.
He'd rifle through all the files, get all this insider information,
make a boatload of cash and leave the fucking company in the shitter.
Okay. Now I'm not saying to do that, but fucking work with for these other guys.
Figure out what they're doing, do what they're doing. Become better at it.
That's what I would do if you really want to do this shit. I would, but, uh,
I gotta tell you this man, um,
I dunno how you make two pit vipers fuck each other. But, uh,
I would definitely get a a, I dunno,
I got a thick pair of gloves
I had a reptiles even get turned on.
They just have that fucking look on their face. Like,
you don't know what they're thinking, you know?
I'll tell you if snakes had fucking hands,
like they would win world series of poker every year,
there'd be no fucking way to tell what it had said,
holding shit as he got a full house.
He can't fucking just sit there sticking his tongue out at me.